Positions:

1. Static Pos : Will not move ie it will not accept offsets(directions).

2. Relative Pos: Will accept values for its offset, and the element moves as perr the values given for the offset.

3. Absoulte Pos: Applying the absolute without any value, element is going to get overlapped.
    
    -When you givr offset it takes position according to the parent.
    It takes position frfom recently served parent.(posistioned parent).

    -If there is no parent then the absolute will target the parent.

    -It will adapt the  offset accoring to the recently positioned parent.

    -If i dont want it to take from the body we need to give a parent.

    -We need to provide relative position to the parent in orderr to provide absolute position to the child.

    -Absoulte reaches 1 level up like the building structure, 
    now if you want to make the offset there are 2 cases
    
    - The parent of that particular div it should be relative/given some position,
    then if not then it goes to the parent (body) -> by default the brower gives the body a position.

    - if there is some position give the offset wiill be taken from the absoulte main div

    - If we need to use absoulte, we must have the parent in realtive and the absoulte will take the offset values from the parent.


4. Fixed Pos: Same as absoulte but it always takes offset from the body(HTML).

5. Sticky Pos: Mixture of both relative and fixed. For this to work the parent must have some space.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Flex and Grid:

Flex : 1D Representation

Grid : 2D Representation

- Flex container is the place where the contents are present,
  Flex Item are the elements

inline-block (child) : need to apply css on child div : inline-block

Flex(parent) : neeed to apply css on the parent display:flex

Grid(parent) : neeed to apply css on the parent display:grid.

FLEX :

1. We use flex for responsive layout, it is basically a easier way to use inline-block but with more functionality.

2. We use flex-wrap in order to avoid the elements from getting overlapped.

3. There is only one axis that is main axis, we can change it by using the flex directions

    flex-direction = main axis = row
    flex-direction = main axis = column

4. justify content - works with main axis
    align items - works with cross axis (prependicular to the main is cross axis).

    CROSS AXIS IS PREPENDICULAR to main axis 
    for ex: fd = row, ma = row, ca = column

5. space-between = no space in corner
    space-evenly = even space
    space-around = end will be half of the space that is in between the elements

6. align-content = aligns the content (when we define a new row(remeber the class))

7. https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/ use this for docs

8. we can target single elements using the id/class selectors and apply:
    flex-grow = 1,2,3.... (it is the ratio) 
    All the chocolates to number of people present, (ratio concept)

    remeber the chocolates exmaples, less chocolates if there are more people.
    simmilarly we can use flex-shrink(reduction from original position)

    by default flex shrink is 1, 

    if we give value 2, when the size of viewport is reduces the element with flex-shrink 2 will shrink 2 times faster

    can use align-self to target single flex elements.


